README.md, before:

# vimrc

Please make sure your system has vim editor<br>
for Mac OS, please install homebrew package manager (<a href="http://brew.sh">Homebrew website</a>)<br>
I suggest to use homebrew to install vim instead of using system built in vim (for clipboard issue)<br>
(brew install vim)

### Usage:

```
git clone https://github.com/yojo3000/vimrc.git ~/vimrc; sh ~/vimrc/install_(your OS).sh
```


### Hot Key:
```
<F9> (normal mode)
open/close tagbar window
```

```
<F1> (normal mode)
open/close NerdTree windows
```

```
<Tab> (normal mode)
switch between windows
```

```
<F2> (normal mode)
clean all whitespace of any end of line
```

```
<Ctrl+p> (normal mode)
open/close ctrlp window for file open interface
```

```
<Ctrl+n> (normal mode)
move to next tab in buffer
```

```
<Ctrl+m> (normal mode)
move to previous tab in buffer
```

```
<Shift+Up> (normal/insert mode)
scroll page up
```

```
<Shift+Down> (normal/insert mode)
scroll page down
```

```
<Ctrl+f> (normal/insert mode)
search specific string
```

```
<,+cc> (normal mode)
add comment on this line (or use Ctrl + V to select multiple line) 
```

```
<,+cu> (in normal mode)
remove comment on this line (or use Ctrl + V to select multiple line) 
```

```
:W => map to :w
:Q => map to :q
:WQ, :Wq, :wQ => all map to :wq
```

Commit message:

add airline theme, add buffer remove hot keys

README.md, after:

# vimrc

Please make sure your system has vim editor<br>
for Mac OS, please install homebrew package manager (<a href="http://brew.sh">Homebrew website</a>)<br>
I suggest to use homebrew to install vim instead of using system built in vim (for clipboard issue)<br>
(brew install vim)

### Usage:

```
git clone https://github.com/yojo3000/vimrc.git ~/vimrc; sh ~/vimrc/install_(your OS).sh
```


### Hot Key:
```
<F9> (normal mode)
open/close tagbar window
```

```
<F1> (normal mode)
open/close NerdTree windows
```

```
<Tab> (normal mode)
switch between windows
```

```
<F2> (normal mode)
clean all whitespace of any end of line
```

```
<Ctrl+p> (normal mode)
open/close ctrlp window for file open interface
```

```
<Ctrl+n> (normal mode)
move to next tab in buffer
```

```
<Ctrl+m> (normal mode)
move to previous tab in buffer
```

```
<Shift+Up> (normal/insert mode)
scroll page up
```

```
<Shift+Down> (normal/insert mode)
scroll page down
```

```
<Ctrl+f> (normal/insert mode)
search specific string
```

```
<,+cc> (normal mode)
add comment on this line (or use Ctrl + V to select multiple line) 
```

```
<,+cu> (in normal mode)
remove comment on this line (or use Ctrl + V to select multiple line) 
```

```
<,+number> (in normal mode)
remove buffer tab by buffer number
```

```
:W => map to :w
:Q => map to :q
:WQ, :Wq, :wQ => all map to :wq
```
